AI-Aided: Add documentation for automatic channel category sorting feature (v10.10) (#8089)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/experimental-configuration-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalGroupUnreadChannels": "default_off"`` with options ``"default_off"`` and ``"default_on"``. |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. config:setting:: enable-channel-category-sorting
  :displayname: Enable channel category sorting (Experimental)
  :systemconsole: Experimental > Features
  :configjson: ExperimentalEnableChannelCategorySorting
  :environment: N/A

  - **true**: Users can assign channels to new or existing channel categories when creating or renaming channels.

>   - **false**: **(Default)** Disables the ability to automatically assign channels to new or existing channel categories.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **false**: **(Default)** Disables the ability to assign channels to new or existing channel categories when creating or renaming channels.
```

Enable channel category sorting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../_static/badges/ent-selfhosted-only.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

>   From Mattermost v10.10, when this :ref:`experimental <manage/feature-labels:experimental>` feature is enabled, users can assign channels to new or existing channel categories when creating or renaming channels.

Author: ```suggestion
From Mattermost v10.10, when this :ref:`experimental <manage/feature-labels:experimental>` feature is enabled, users can assign channels to new or existing channel categories when creating or renaming channels.
```

> **True**: Users can assign channels to new or existing categories when creating or renaming channels.

Author: ```suggestion
**True**: Users can assign channels to new or existing channel categories when creating or renaming channels.
```

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalGroupUnreadChannels": "default_off"`` with options ``"default_off"`` and ``"default_on"``. |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. config:setting:: enable-channel-category-sorting
  :displayname: Enable channel category sorting (Experimental)
  :systemconsole: Experimental > Features
  :configjson: ExperimentalEnableChannelCategorySorting
  :environment: N/A

  - **true**: Users can assign channels to new or existing categories when creating or renaming channels.

>   - **false**: **(Default)** Disables automatic channel category assignment during channel creation and renaming.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **false**: **(Default)** Disables the ability to automatically assign channels to new or existing channel categories.
```

Enable channel category sorting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../_static/badges/ent-selfhosted-only.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

> .. note::

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   From Mattermost v10.10, when this :ref:`experimental <manage/feature-labels:experimental>` feature is enabled, users can select or create custom categories when creating or renaming channels.

Author: ```suggestion
  From Mattermost v10.10, when this :ref:`experimental <manage/feature-labels:experimental>` feature is enabled, users can assign channels to new or existing channel categories when creating or renaming channels.
```

>   This is an experimental feature introduced in Mattermost v10.10. When enabled, users can select or create custom categories to organize their channels during the channel creation and renaming processes.

Author: ```suggestion
  From Mattermost v10.10, when this :ref:`experimental <manage/feature-labels:experimental>` feature is enabled, users can select or create custom categories when creating or renaming channels.
```

> **True**: Enables users to assign channels to categories during channel creation and renaming workflows. When creating or renaming a channel, users will see an option to select an existing category or create a new category for the channel.

Author: ```suggestion
**True**: Users can assign channels to new or existing categories when creating or renaming channels.
```

> **False**: Disables automatic channel category assignment during channel creation and renaming. Users must manually organize channels into categories after creation using the channel sidebar customization options.

Author: ```suggestion
**False**: **(Default)** Disables the ability to automatically assign channels to new or existing channel categories.
```

+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalEnableChannelCategorySorting": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``. |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalEnableChannelCategorySorting": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.     |
```
